I was in the middle of cooking a very
important dish when a couple of Coach
loads of German holidaymakers marched in
demanding shukru and so my chicken in
beer had to be put to one side I'll
explain what I've done up to now first I
fried chicken pieces and butter flamed
them with gin added shallots and
mushrooms covered them with beer pinch
of salt and pepper and parsley and
simmer them for about an hour
now's the time to finish the dish off
although the mice have been at my
chicken during my absence in some of
these chats behind you been eating
little bits of it I would in fact like a
continue of the cooking demonstration if
that's all right with the rest of
Germany and as a part of price right so
what we do we lift up these portions of
chicken into here and finish off the
sauce by adding a little fresh cream
pull it back from the heat so it doesn't
all curdle and then we enrich it with a
lot of butter
before put it back on the heat like that
much the last mark for tasteless in a
minute to see if he sprinkle parsley on
and that his cockle at the air I'm not
fast song you see la maison de tete in
else s okay it's terribly extra bit of
car with some art I mean mushroom or
whatever it is like that but it does
nothing for the flavor why can't they
leave things alone and another thing
they didn't even ask me if I wanted
these little tombstones put on top of my
wonderful looking dish which I cooked on
my own look silly like that
and now of course for the terrible
moment of truth as usual the rules of
this game are the chef will invite the
host it if he says something nice about
these days in the film if he criticize
it and he gets cut right straightforward
I've said that bomb jutsu villa Ko
temple workout
Bombay's be more forceful
it's right nice fly perfect cooking
mushroom the sauce is alright but if you
keep a little bit bare and you put it on
the end let's bring a little you know
just brings the flavor much better much
better
you see we do it here and another place
that's very good very good good so what
he's really saying there in precise
terms and then the sauce is made from
beer I should have saved a little bit of
beer fresh here to add at the last
minute just to really bring back the
flavor of the beer otherwise it was
quite well cook all these chefs are
smiling they're drinking champagne
everybody's been very happy if he's such
a nice bloke then why is this in the
kitchen I would like to move he says
it's just for pointing at the orders but
I mean you see chaps around here with
bandages and things like that this has
been used quite a lot I can't tell you
in French in English but you know when
some somebody's doing something wrong it
becomes a little bit why that is broken
and two places and we have repaired it
you see escalade see clearly the most
welcome sir what I've always wanted to
do is take a lesson from MasterChef and
have a go at my producer where is